JavaScript, Hotspots + Secrets (#298)
ShiftLeftSecurity/documentation: using-cli/options/analyze-options.md

`--force` | | Force new analysis (instead of using a cached result) and upload.
`--git-remote-name` | | Specifies the remote to use instead of origin when sending Git metadata with your application. ShiftLeft will use the remote repository to automatically link identified vulnerabilities in the UI to your source code
`--go` | `SHIFTLEFT_LANG_GO=true` | Analyze Golang code.

> `--inspect-next` | Specifies that ShiftLeft should look for secrets and/or hotspots when analyzing code for vulnerabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--insights` | Specifies that ShiftLeft should look for secrets and/or hotspots when analyzing code for vulnerabilities
```
